# Paystack-cli # 
> Paystack command line

A simple CLI tool that makes [Paystack](https://paystack.com/ " Paystack") easier for developers to intergrate. It outputs a file that interacts with Paystack APIs as well as its minified version if requested.

## Install

```
npm i paystack-cli
```
## Usage

```
paystack-cli --help
```
The above command will display the neccesary infomation and its usage

### Important Flags 
` -h ` or ` --help ` shows the usage

` -v ` or ` --version ` shows the version

### Important Command

`c` or `create` with necessary arguments will ask for Paystack Public Key and then create the necessary file as well as its minified version if optional `min` argument is provided.

### Important Arguments

`inline` to output the paystack-inline.js file which contains necessary codes for [Paystack Inline](https://developers.paystack.co/docs/paystack-inline "Paystack Inline")

`embed` to output the paystack-embed.js file which contains necessary codes for [Paystack Inline Embed](https://developers.paystack.co/docs/paystack-embded "Paystack Inline Embed")

`paystack-js` to output the paystack.js file which contains necessary codes for [Paystack Js](https://developers.paystack.co/docs/paystack-js "Paystack Js")

```
paystack-cli c inline
```
will output the inline file 
```
paystack-cli create embed
```
will output embed file

### Optional Arguments

`min` to minify any of the produced outputs 

```
paystack-cli create embed min
```
## JQuery ID Exposed
> Please make sure to use the following JQuery IDs in order to interact with the outputed file.

`#customer-email` is an ID of the input form which will accepts the email of the user or the card owner.

`#amount` is an ID of the input form that accepts the amount to be charged from the card.

`#success-response` is an ID that listens to a text which inform that the transaction was successful.

`#mobile-number` is an ID of the input form that accepts the mobile number of the user.

`#access_code` is the ID of a text that passes the access code which will be programatically generated by you. Please note that the access code can only be used once.

`#card_pin` is the ID of the input form that accepts card PIN.

`#OTP` is the ID of the input form that accepts the OTP sent to phone.